So, hi, I'm Kim
Beckerleg and a behavior intervention
mentor here at Marshview Middle School.
And I'm going to be talking today
about how we teach the code
of conduct here at our school.
So us together, as in the team,
we have created some rules for the school.
And the beginning of the year,
we will go around the different classrooms
and teach what those rules are
and what will happen if one of those
expectations is not quite that.
And we have
it posted where the students can see it
and can be reminded of what the different
expectations are for our school.
So it's right up there
in the front of the school.
And the way that we are trying
to remind the students of where they are
at with regards to those expectations
is that we have universally, across
the school, tried to set up a system
so that the kids know
where their boundaries are with the
teachers, because different teachers
are going to have different boundaries.
So when they go into a class,
we have the one, two, three, four system
we call it in the school.
That will sort of
let the kids know where they're at.
So we teach them that
if there is a behavior
that is not quite meeting
one of those expectations or rules,
then we're going to redirect them
one time.
We'll redirect them a second time,
and then we'll talk to them outside
in the hall, privately, away
from the other students who are
in the class, away from the peer pressure,
where we can have
just a really honest conversation
to see if there's something
that that student needs in that moment.
Maybe they need to move,
maybe they need to go for a walk.
Maybe they just need a break.
And we can also share
what our expectations are
in that classroom again, because maybe
there's one little tweak to the behavior
that might make things a little bit
more easy going in the classroom.
And if they're not quite able
to return back to class,
or if they go back to class
and they're still not meeting
that expectation,
then we can find a quiet place
where they can work.
If they're not ready to be
in that learning environment.
So for myself,
we we as an SS team,
we've set up what the code of conduct is
and we're able to send
that home to the parents,
and they can see what the expectations
are, and they can also see
what the response to school
is going to take at the different levels.
So for small things like a kid
removing their hood.
Well, we'll redirect it.
And sometimes it'll be ignore
the their behavior.
If it's a small thing.
And then at some point,
if it's a regular thing
that happens on a daily basis, well,
then maybe there'll be a phone
call home as well,
when sometimes
if there's a bigger behavior
that's happening,
the students will often be sent to me
for a little school lesson
that we can tailor to what the need is.
So if we're dealing with respect towards
an authority figure, well,
we might look at what that looks like.
What the expectation is,
because it's not necessarily just kindness
towards the teacher or liking the teacher.
Sometimes it's just doing what the teacher
needs you to in those moments.
So we will find a lesson
that so that tailors to that need.
And it also lets
the parents know where the line is to
if they need to step out of that
learning environment
for a longer period of time, as well.
we put this into place?
Because when I first came into the school
as behavior mentor,
I was noticing that
when I would talk to kids
who were out of class
or who were sent towards the office,
they often didn't know why
they were there.
So when I would talk to them
or when I would observe things going on,
I would see that there was a redirection
or redirection or redirection,
random numbers of redirections.
And eventually
the teachers had had enough,
but the students
didn't know where the line was.
So they get redirected a lot.
But then at some point it was just
too much and they would be out.
So this way
we've kind of set that boundary for them,
and the teachers
can set their own boundaries.
Because some teachers
like having more energy in the classroom
and more,
more engagement in their lessons.
And kids calling out is okay
in their class and other teachers.
They need to set stricter boundaries
because they can't concentrate
and keep their train of thought going
so they can have stricter boundaries.
But it lets the teachers
share with the students
where that boundary is for them.
And so that way they can go up to the edge
without necessarily crossing the line.
one of the things or a few of the things
that I can suggest to teachers
when they're doing it is, first of all,
we can do it really quietly
and really respectfully.
I sometimes run by a desk and
just a little tap and show them my finger.
Just one finger to show them that,
okay, that's one do redirection.
It's a little bit too much.
And I like that because I can still be
teaching and still talking to the class
without having to stop what I'm doing,
and without calling that student out
in front of everybody.
It can be very discreet and very quiet.
For some kids,
I just have a little visual,
a little visual check
that I use with them.
So I have one student.
I'll touch my nose, and they know that
that's that's the key for them,
because they're not wanting anybody
to show a one,
because other students
might know what that means.
So we can organize it
so that it fits each student
with what's going to work
for the classroom.
And I also find,
because I'm not up in the classroom
and I'm not doing it regularly.
Sometimes it's good to have a few plans
of how I'm going to implement it,
because just walking into a classroom
and saying you're going to do
it is not as simple as necessarily
knowing what exactly you're going to use.
So and I often share that with the kids
because, again, that predictability
of what they should expect is really
important for them to know what's coming.
So I, I find the most useful ways is,
is that I'll go in and I'll tell the class
what my biggest challenges.
So for myself,
when I'm teaching in the classroom,
when I call out or ask kids
to give out an answer
and somebody gives me a silly answer,
that's taking my lesson
completely in a different direction.
I will give them a one for that.
And I'll also tell them
that if the group starts
working on something
in, the noise level bubbles up too much
and I have to redirect the whole class
that I'll often look for the first student
who starts talking afterwards,
and that student will get a one.
And that way I have two moments
where I can take a breath,
and I can easily use that system.
And I've worked
with a couple of different teachers
to try to help them to find their own
little moments
of where their boundaries are,
and what are the things that are most
challenging for them in their classes.
And we have a plan ahead of time
about how to deal with that in the moment.
So sometimes we've had to go back
the next day and look at is that working?
And maybe come in with a new plan
the next day, but
we just keep tweaking it until they help
find their groove and make it work.